README.md, before:

![alt text](https://assets.juce.com/juce/JUCE_banner.png "JUCE")

JUCE is an open-source cross-platform C++ application framework used for rapidly
developing high quality desktop and mobile applications, including VST, AU (and AUv3),
RTAS and AAX audio plug-ins. JUCE can be easily integrated with existing projects or can
be used as a project generation tool via the [Projucer](https://juce.com/discover/projucer),
which supports exporting projects for Xcode (macOS and iOS), Visual Studio, Android Studio,
Code::Blocks, CLion and Linux Makefiles as well as containing a source code editor and
live-coding engine which can be used for rapid prototyping.

## Getting Started

The JUCE repository contains a [master](https://github.com/juce-framework/JUCE/tree/master)
and [develop](https://github.com/juce-framework/JUCE/tree/develop) branch. The develop branch
contains the latest bugfixes and features and is periodically merged into the master
branch in stable [tagged releases](https://github.com/juce-framework/JUCE/releases)
(the latest release containing pre-built binaries can be also downloaded from the
[JUCE website](https://juce.com/get-juce)).

JUCE projects can be managed with either the Projucer (JUCE's own project-configuration
tool) or with CMake.

### The Projucer

The repository doesn't contain a pre-built Projucer so you will need to build it
for your platform - Xcode, Visual Studio and Linux Makefile projects are located in
[extras/Projucer/Builds](/extras/Projucer/Builds)
(the minumum system requirements are listed in the __System Requirements__ section below).
The Projucer can then be used to create new JUCE projects, view tutorials and run examples.
It is also possible to include the JUCE modules source code in an existing project directly,
or build them into a static or dynamic library which can be linked into a project.

For further help getting started, please refer to the JUCE
[documentation](https://juce.com/learn/documentation) and
[tutorials](https://juce.com/learn/tutorials).

### CMake

Version 3.15 or higher is required for plugin projects, and strongly
recommended for other project types. To use CMake, you will need to install it,
either from your system package manager or from the [official download
page](https://cmake.org/download/). For comprehensive documentation on JUCE's
CMake API, see the [JUCE CMake documentation](/docs/CMake%20API.md). For examples
which may be useful as starting points for new CMake projects, see the [CMake
examples directory](/examples/CMake).

#### Building Examples

To use CMake to build the examples and extras bundled with JUCE, simply clone
JUCE and then run the following commands, replacing "DemoRunner" with the name
of the target you wish to build.

    cd /path/to/JUCE
    cmake . -B cmake-build -DJUCE_BUILD_EXAMPLES=ON -DJUCE_BUILD_EXTRAS=ON
    cmake --build cmake-build --target DemoRunner

## Minimum System Requirements

#### Building JUCE Projects

- __macOS/iOS__: macOS 10.11 and Xcode 7.3.1
- __Windows__: Windows 8.1 and Visual Studio 2015 64-bit
- __Linux__: GCC 4.8 (for a full list of dependencies, see
[here](/docs/Linux%20Dependencies.md)).
- __Android__: Android Studio on Windows, macOS or Linux

#### Deployment Targets

- __macOS__: macOS 10.7
- __Windows__: Windows Vista
- __Linux__: Mainstream Linux distributions
- __iOS__: iOS 9.0
- __Android__: Jelly Bean (API 16)

## Contributing

For bug reports and features requests, please visit the [JUCE Forum](https://forum.juce.com/) -
the JUCE developers are active there and will read every post and respond accordingly. When
submitting a bug report, please ensure that it follows the
[issue template](/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE.txt).
We don't accept third party GitHub pull requests directly due to copyright restrictions
but if you would like to contribute any changes please contact us.

## License

The core JUCE modules (juce_audio_basics, juce_audio_devices, juce_blocks_basics, juce_core
and juce_events) are permissively licensed under the terms of the
[ISC license](http://www.isc.org/downloads/software-support-policy/isc-license/).
Other modules are covered by a
[GPL/Commercial license](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.en.html).

There are multiple commercial licensing tiers for JUCE, with different terms for each:
- JUCE Personal (developers or startup businesses with revenue under 50K USD) - free
- JUCE Indie (small businesses with revenue under 500K USD) - $40/month
- JUCE Pro (no revenue limit) - $130/month
- JUCE Educational (no revenue limit) - free for bona fide educational institutes

For full terms see [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md).

Commit message:

Added accessibility support to juce_gui_basics
This commit adds support for native accessibility clients on macOS and Windows (VoiceOver and Narrator, respectively). Many of the standard JUCE widgets now support navigation, interaction, and descriptive readouts when using screen reader software and a new `AccessiblityHandler` base class and associated helper classes have been added to allow control over accessibility behaviour for custom `Component`s.

More details can be found in the docs/Accessibility.md file

README.md, after:

## Accessibility Preview Branch

This branch contains pre-release support for native accessibility clients on
macOS (VoiceOver) and Windows (Narrator). These changes will be a part of the
JUCE 6.1 release and this beta branch is designed to allow users who want to
test the feature before its release to provide feedback and suggestions to the
team to help shape its development. Feedback can be provided via the JUCE Forum
(https://forum.juce.com/).

A short "Getting Started" guide can be found in the
[docs/Accessibility.md](/docs/Accessibility.md) file which gives an overview of
the relevant parts of the API for adding accessibility support to your JUCE
applications and plug-ins.

![alt text](https://assets.juce.com/juce/JUCE_banner.png "JUCE")

JUCE is an open-source cross-platform C++ application framework used for rapidly
developing high quality desktop and mobile applications, including VST, AU (and AUv3),
RTAS and AAX audio plug-ins. JUCE can be easily integrated with existing projects or can
be used as a project generation tool via the [Projucer](https://juce.com/discover/projucer),
which supports exporting projects for Xcode (macOS and iOS), Visual Studio, Android Studio,
Code::Blocks, CLion and Linux Makefiles as well as containing a source code editor and
live-coding engine which can be used for rapid prototyping.

## Getting Started

The JUCE repository contains a [master](https://github.com/juce-framework/JUCE/tree/master)
and [develop](https://github.com/juce-framework/JUCE/tree/develop) branch. The develop branch
contains the latest bugfixes and features and is periodically merged into the master
branch in stable [tagged releases](https://github.com/juce-framework/JUCE/releases)
(the latest release containing pre-built binaries can be also downloaded from the
[JUCE website](https://juce.com/get-juce)).

JUCE projects can be managed with either the Projucer (JUCE's own project-configuration
tool) or with CMake.

### The Projucer

The repository doesn't contain a pre-built Projucer so you will need to build it
for your platform - Xcode, Visual Studio and Linux Makefile projects are located in
[extras/Projucer/Builds](/extras/Projucer/Builds)
(the minumum system requirements are listed in the __System Requirements__ section below).
The Projucer can then be used to create new JUCE projects, view tutorials and run examples.
It is also possible to include the JUCE modules source code in an existing project directly,
or build them into a static or dynamic library which can be linked into a project.

For further help getting started, please refer to the JUCE
[documentation](https://juce.com/learn/documentation) and
[tutorials](https://juce.com/learn/tutorials).

### CMake

Version 3.15 or higher is required for plugin projects, and strongly
recommended for other project types. To use CMake, you will need to install it,
either from your system package manager or from the [official download
page](https://cmake.org/download/). For comprehensive documentation on JUCE's
CMake API, see the [JUCE CMake documentation](/docs/CMake%20API.md). For examples
which may be useful as starting points for new CMake projects, see the [CMake
examples directory](/examples/CMake).

#### Building Examples

To use CMake to build the examples and extras bundled with JUCE, simply clone
JUCE and then run the following commands, replacing "DemoRunner" with the name
of the target you wish to build.

    cd /path/to/JUCE
    cmake . -B cmake-build -DJUCE_BUILD_EXAMPLES=ON -DJUCE_BUILD_EXTRAS=ON
    cmake --build cmake-build --target DemoRunner

## Minimum System Requirements

#### Building JUCE Projects

- __macOS/iOS__: macOS 10.11 and Xcode 7.3.1
- __Windows__: Windows 8.1 and Visual Studio 2015 64-bit
- __Linux__: GCC 4.8 (for a full list of dependencies, see
[here](/docs/Linux%20Dependencies.md)).
- __Android__: Android Studio on Windows, macOS or Linux

#### Deployment Targets

- __macOS__: macOS 10.7
- __Windows__: Windows Vista
- __Linux__: Mainstream Linux distributions
- __iOS__: iOS 9.0
- __Android__: Jelly Bean (API 16)

## Contributing

For bug reports and features requests, please visit the [JUCE Forum](https://forum.juce.com/) -
the JUCE developers are active there and will read every post and respond accordingly. When
submitting a bug report, please ensure that it follows the
[issue template](/.github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE.txt).
We don't accept third party GitHub pull requests directly due to copyright restrictions
but if you would like to contribute any changes please contact us.

## License

The core JUCE modules (juce_audio_basics, juce_audio_devices, juce_blocks_basics, juce_core
and juce_events) are permissively licensed under the terms of the
[ISC license](http://www.isc.org/downloads/software-support-policy/isc-license/).
Other modules are covered by a
[GPL/Commercial license](https://www.gnu.org/licenses/gpl-3.0.en.html).

There are multiple commercial licensing tiers for JUCE, with different terms for each:
- JUCE Personal (developers or startup businesses with revenue under 50K USD) - free
- JUCE Indie (small businesses with revenue under 500K USD) - $40/month
- JUCE Pro (no revenue limit) - $130/month
- JUCE Educational (no revenue limit) - free for bona fide educational institutes

For full terms see [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md).
